docs(angular): describe angular standalone setup (#1675)
siemens/ix: packages/documentation/docs/installation/angular.md

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

### Peer dependencies

> Please note that `@angular/core` and `@angular/forms` are peer dependencies, meaning you should ensure they are installed before installing iX.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both `@angular/core` and `@angular/forms` are peer dependencies which means they must be installed before iX. 
```

@import '@siemens/ix/dist/siemens-ix/siemens-ix.css';
```

> ### Module Setup (legacy)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Module setup (legacy)
```

})
export class AppModule {}
```

> ### Standalone Setup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Standalone setup
```

> Instead of importing the `IxModule` in your module file, iX components and necessary directives are directly imported from `@siemens/ix-angular/standalone` in your component file .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Standalone setup is a little different to module setup. Instead of importing the `IxModule` in your module file, iX components and necessary directives are directly imported from `@siemens/ix-angular/standalone` in your component file.
```
